Add documentation for enablePreviewButton (#61)
WoltLab/woltlab.github.io: pages/php/api/formBuilder/php_api_form_builder-form_fields.md

- `attachmentData($objectType, $parentObjectID)` can be used to set the data relevant for attachment support.
  By default, not attachment data is set, thus attachments are not supported.
- `getAttachmentField()`, `getPollContainer()`, `getSettingsContainer()`, `getSmiliesContainer()`, and `getWysiwygField()` can be used to get the different components of the wysiwyg form container once the form has been built.

> - `enablePreviewButton($enablePreviewButton)` can be used to set whether the preview button should be shown or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enablePreviewButton($enablePreviewButton)` can be used to set whether the preview button for the message is shown or not.
```
